Update daml 2.10's upgrade documentation with latest changes (#791)
digital-asset/docs.daml.com: docs/2.10.0/docs/concepts/ledger-model/upgrade-model-in-depth.rst

             where
               signatory sig
               ensure n > 0

Interface Views
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The view for a given interface instance is not allowed to change between two
versions of a contract. When a contract is fetched or exercised by interface,
its view according to the code of the target template is compared to its view
according to the code of the template that was used when the contract was
created. It is a runtime error if the two views differ.

**Example**

Assume an interface ``I`` with view type ``IView`` and a method ``m``.

.. code:: daml

    data IView = IView { i : Int }
  
    interface I where
      viewtype IView
      m : Int
 

> Then below the template on the right is a valid upgrade of the template on the
> left.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In that case, the template on the right below is a valid upgrade of the template on the
left.
```
